翻译Dashboard和HelloWorld (#1563)
cocos-creator/creator-docs: en/getting-started/dashboard/index.md

# Using Cocos Dashboard

Upon launching the Cocos Dashboard and logging in with your Cocos Developer account, the Dashboard interface opens. Dashboard allows downloading the engine, creating a new project, opening an existing project, or getting help information.

## Dashboard Overview

![Dashboard](index/dashboard-editor.png)

The above image shows the Cocos Dashboard interface. You can click the Settings icon in the upper-right corner to specify the location of Cocos Creator downloaded through Dashboard, and the language in which the Dashboard interface is displayed.

The Cocos Dashboard interface mainly consists of the following tabs:

> - **Projects**: Lists recently opened projects. When you first run Cocos Dashboard, this list is empty. You can create a new project in this tab.

Reviewer: 是用 tab 还是 page 建议统一一下

- **Editor**: Lists all downloaded versions of the editor, or you can click the **Download** button in the bottom right corner to continue downloading the editor.
- **Community**: Used to post official information or events of Cocos Creator, including **Announcement**, **News** and **Update**.
- **Learn**: Help, a static page with information and documentation for beginners.

## Project

Recently opened projects can be quickly accessed through the **Project** tab. The project will be opened when you click on the specific project entry.

> ![Dashboard](index/project-window.png)

Reviewer: 这张图麻烦中文文档也换一下哈

> - **1** - includes **Open with another editor**, **Open folder**, **Remove from list**, **Select the icon of the project**, and **Rename the project** (the last two of these features are new in Dashboard version 1.0.12).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **1** - Includes **Open with another editor**, **Open folder**, **Remove from list**, **Select the icon of the project**, and **Rename the project** (the last two of these features are new in Dashboard version 1.0.12).
```

    - **Select the icon of the project**: Project icons currently support bmp, png, gif, and jpg formats.
- **2** - Other versions of the editor can be selected to open the project.
- **3** - Sort projects by time in forward/reverse order (new in version 1.0.12).
- **4** - Search projects directly by project name (new in version 1.0.12).

> - **Add** button - for importing other projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Add** button - For importing other projects.
```

- **New** button - Used to create a new project. Clicking this button will bring you to the **New Project** page, see below for details.

### New Project

On the New Project page, click **Editor Version** above to select Creator's editor version.

Creator provides a number of project templates, including basic architectures for different types of games, as well as sample resources and scripts for learning to help developers get into creative work faster. As Cocos Creator becomes more complete, we will continue to add more project templates.

![Dashboard](index/add-project.png)

> Click on one of the project templates and you will see **Name** and **Psotion** at the bottom of the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click on one of the project templates and you will see **Name** and **Position** at the bottom of the page.
```

- **Position**: Click the icon behind the project path input box to select the project storage path.

Once everything is set up, click the **Create and Open** button to finish creating the project. the Dashboard interface will be closed and the newly created project will be opened in the main Cocos Creator window.

## Editor

This page will list all the editor versions that have been downloaded and installed.

![Dashboard](index/dashboard-editor.png)

Note that when you first run Cocos Dashboard, this list is empty. You can click the two buttons in the bottom right corner to import existing Creator editors locally or download and install them directly.

- **Locate**: Add a local editor to the **Editor** version list.
- **Download**: Click this button to jump to the editor download page, which will list all installed and uninstalled editor versions, you can select the desired editor version to download.

  ![Download](index/dashboard-download.png)

## Community

This page is used to post official announcements or events of Cocos Creator, including the **Announcement**, **News** and **Update** modules.

![community](index/community.png)

## Learn

> The **Learn** page provides access to Cocos Creator user manuals, API manuals, and other help documentation, as well as tutorials, sample projects, and more.

Reviewer: 用户手册跟 api 手册不需要加 s 吧？

![learn](index/learn.png)

> Developers can also visit the official Cocos website for tutorials and other information by clicking on the icons in the lower left corner of each website, which currently includes [Twitter](https://twitter.com/cocos2dx), [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/cocos-technologies/), [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAsPLdpiAQbFuYqiZvi0P5A) and [GitHub](https://github.com/cocos-creator/engine).

Author: ```suggestion
Developers can also visit the official Cocos website for tutorials and other information by clicking on the icons in the lower-left corner of Cocos Dashboard. Connect with the team on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/cocos2dx), [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/cocos-technologies/), [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAsPLdpiAQbFuYqiZvi0P5A) and [GitHub](https://github.com/cocos-creator/engine).
```

> Developers can also visit the official Cocos website for more tutorials and other information by clicking on the icons in the lower left corner of each website, which currently includes WeChat, [Weibo](https://weibo.com/cocos2dx), [Twitter](https://twitter.com/cocos2dx), [BiliBili]( https://space.bilibili.com/491120849), [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAsPLdpiAQbFuYqiZvi0P5A) and [GitHub](https://) github.com/cocos-creator/engine).

Reviewer: 支持的网站英文版跟中文版不同，比如没有微信和微博

# Using Cocos Dashboard

Upon launching the Cocos Dashboard and logging in with your Cocos Developer account, the Dashboard interface opens. Dashboard allows downloading the engine, creating a new project, opening an existing project, or getting help information.

## Dashboard Overview

![Dashboard](index/dashboard-editor.png)

The above image shows the Cocos Dashboard interface. You can click the Settings icon in the upper-right corner to specify the location of Cocos Creator downloaded through Dashboard, and the language in which the Dashboard interface is displayed.

The Cocos Dashboard interface mainly consists of the following tabs:

- **Projects**: Lists recently opened projects. When you first run Cocos Dashboard, this list is empty. You can create a new project in this tab.
- **Editor**: Lists all downloaded versions of the editor, or you can click the **Download** button in the bottom right corner to continue downloading the editor.
- **Community**: Used to post official information or events of Cocos Creator, including **Announcement**, **News** and **Update**.
- **Learn**: Help, a static page with information and documentation for beginners.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

# Using Dashboard

> Once you launch Cocos Dashboard and log in with your Cocos Developer account, the Dashboard interface opens. Here you can download the engine, create a new project, open an existing project, or get help information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Upon launching the Cocos Dashboard and logging in with your Cocos Developer account, the Dashboard interface opens. Dashboard allows downloading the engine, creating a new project, opening an existing project, or getting help information.
```

## Dashboard Overview

![Dashboard](index/dashboard-editor.png)

The above image shows the Cocos Dashboard interface. You can click the Settings icon in the upper-right corner to specify the location of Cocos Creator downloaded through Dashboard, and the language in which the Dashboard interface is displayed.

The Cocos Dashboard interface mainly consists of the following tabs:

- **Projects**: Lists recently opened projects. When you first run Cocos Dashboard, this list is empty. You can create a new project in this tab.
- **Editor**: Lists all downloaded versions of the editor, or you can click the **Download** button in the bottom right corner to continue downloading the editor.
- **Community**: Used to post official information or events of Cocos Creator, including **Announcement**, **News** and **Update**.
- **Learn**: Help, a static page with information and documentation for beginners.

> Let's take a look at these sub-pages in turn.

Reviewer 2: remove this line

> Let's take a look at these sub-pages in turn.

Author: ```suggestion
```

## Project

> Recently opened projects can be quickly accessed through the **Project** tab. The project will be opened when you click on the specific project entry.

Reviewer 2: is it tab or page you wish to you?

Author: 选项卡 - tab，页面 - page。

Author: It should be tab here.

![Dashboard](index/project-window.png)

- **1** - includes **Open with another editor**, **Open folder**, **Remove from list**, **Select the icon of the project**, and **Rename the project** (the last two of these features are new in Dashboard version 1.0.12).
    - **Select the icon of the project**: Project icons currently support bmp, png, gif, and jpg formats.
- **2** - Other versions of the editor can be selected to open the project.
- **3** - Sort projects by time in forward/reverse order (new in version 1.0.12).
- **4** - Search projects directly by project name (new in version 1.0.12).
- **Add** button - for importing other projects.
- **New** button - Used to create a new project. Clicking this button will bring you to the **New Project** page, see below for details.

### New Project

> On the New Project page, click **Editor Version** above to select Creator's editor version.

Reviewer 2: is it tab or page you wish to you?

Author: It should be page here.

Creator provides a number of project templates, including basic architectures for different types of games, as well as sample resources and scripts for learning to help developers get into creative work faster. As Cocos Creator becomes more complete, we will continue to add more project templates.

![Dashboard](index/add-project.png)

Click on one of the project templates and you will see **Name** and **Psotion** at the bottom of the page.
- **Name**: The project name can only contain **a-z**, **A-Z**, **0-9** as well as **_** and **-**.
- **Position**: Click the icon behind the project path input box to select the project storage path.

Once everything is set up, click the **Create and Open** button to finish creating the project. the Dashboard interface will be closed and the newly created project will be opened in the main Cocos Creator window.

## Editor

> This page will list all the editor versions that have been downloaded and installed.

Reviewer 2: is it tab or page you wish to you?

Author: It should be tab.

![Dashboard](index/dashboard-editor.png)

> Note that when you first run Cocos Dashboard, this list is empty. You can click the two buttons in the bottom right corner to import existing Creator editors locally or download and install them directly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that when you first run Cocos Dashboard, this list is empty. You can click the two buttons in the bottom right corner to import existing Creator editors locally or download and install them directly.
```

- **Locate**: Add a local editor to the **Editor** version list.
- **Download**: Click this button to jump to the editor download page, which will list all installed and uninstalled editor versions, you can select the desired editor version to download.

  ![Download](index/dashboard-download.png)

## Community

> This page is used to post official announcements or events of Cocos Creator, including the **Announcement**, **News** and **Update** modules.

Reviewer 2: is it tab or page you wish to you?

Author: It should be tab.

![community](index/community.png)

## Learn

> The **Learn** page provides access to Cocos Creator user manuals, API manuals, and other help documentation, as well as tutorials, sample projects, and more.

Reviewer 2: is it tab or page you wish to you?

Author: It should be tab.

## Learn

> The **Learn** page provides access to the Cocos Creator user manual, API manual, and other help documentation, as well as tutorials, sample projects, and more.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The **Learn** page provides access to the Cocos Creator user manual, API manual, other help documentation, as well as tutorials, sample projects, and more.
```

![learn](index/learn.png)

> Developers can also visit the official Cocos website for more tutorials and other information by clicking on the icons in the lower left corner of each website, which currently includes [Twitter](https://twitter.com/cocos2dx), [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/cocos-technologies/), [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAsPLdpiAQbFuYqiZvi0P5A) and [GitHub](https://github.com/cocos-creator/engine).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Developers can also visit the official Cocos website for tutorials and other information by clicking on the icons in the lower left corner of each website, which currently includes [Twitter](https://twitter.com/cocos2dx), [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/cocos-technologies/), [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAsPLdpiAQbFuYqiZvi0P5A) and [GitHub](https://github.com/cocos-creator/engine).
```

Reviewer 2: honestly, this paragraph doesn't make sense to me. 

 "by clicking on the icons in the lower left corner of each website,"

what website? I looked at docs and cocos.com and I don't see anything in the lower left corner of either of these...

Reviewer: @slackmoehrle , here:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/19702899/115503741-833e4100-a2a9-11eb-9078-2f3601f59e48.png)

Reviewer 2: ok, I see. So it's not a website...

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Developers can also visit the official Cocos website for tutorials and other information by clicking on the icons in the lower-left corner of Cocos Dashboard. Connect with the team on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/cocos2dx), [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/cocos-technologies/), [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAsPLdpiAQbFuYqiZvi0P5A) and [GitHub](https://github.com/cocos-creator/engine).
```
